# World Tourism Rankings 2018 and 2019 With (Web Scraped Data Using BeautifulSoup)
Tourism is the act and process of spending time away from home in pursuit of recreation, relaxation, and pleasure, while making use of the commercial provision of services. The World Tourism rankings are compiled by the United Nations World Tourism Organization as part of their World Tourism Barometer publication, which is released up to six times per year. In this project, destinations are ranked by the number of international visitor arrivals, by the revenue generated by inbound tourism, and by the expenditure of outbound travelers.

This project was to visualize and get insights from the world tourism rankings for 2018 &amp; 2019 using the top 10 most visited destinations by international tourist arrivals, international tourism receipts, and the international tourism expenditure. 

### ABOUT THE DATA

This data was scraped from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Tourism_rankings using BeautifulSoup. The data shows the tourism ranking by each country in year 2018 and 2019. The data shows the most visited destinations by international tourist arrivals, international tourism receipts for the top 10 earning countries from tourism, international tourism expenditure for the top ten spenders in international tourism. The data is original but lack some few data which I expect to be updated on their website soon. The data was compiled by the United Nations World Tourism Organization as part of their World Tourism Barometer publication.

You can view the original dataset (original source) by checking this link https://www.e-unwto.org/doi/epdf/10.18111/wtobarometereng.2020.18.1.7?role=tab

### WHAT I WILL BE VISUALIZING AND GETTING INSIGHTS ON

I will get insights from this data through manipulation and visualization. What I will be visualizing and getting insights on will be;

1. Top ten most visited destinations in the world by international tourist arrivals 2018 and 2019
2. Top ten tourism earners in the world for the year 2018 and 2019
3. Top ten spenders on international tourism for the year 2018 and 2019
